1 "The channel operators are not Spiceworks employees, and currently in no way related to Spiceworks, Inc. Some Spiceworks employees do however hang out in the channel but this is no reason to harass them."
2 "You're expected to treat people as if they're human. Failing to do so will result in us banning you or telling your mother."
3 "Swearing and profanities are allowed. Direct insults, trolling or being a jackass will get you kicked and/or banned. This is a subjective matter and decisions made by the operators are not up for debate. We don't kick often and ban rarely at best, so don't be that special kind of stupid."
4 "If someone's out of line in channel, call them on it. If it continues, hail one of the ops. If someone's annoying you in PMs, make liberal use of the /ignore command and notify Freenode staff. (see http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#helpfromstaff)"
5 "If no ops are available during times of distress don't hesitate to PM them, many have notifications enabled."
6 "Thou shalt not flood, spam or troll."
7 "Flooding is 3 times identical lines or over, or a short burst of 5 or more lines. There's no autokick but ops will dislike you. Please use Pastebin or the like for multiline pasts. Others will be considered as flood."
8 "Use of long links, caps and colours is allowed, though none are allowed as a constant gimmick in the interest of keeping things nice and clean."
9 "If your client, connection or Freenode link decide to become unstable and start shouting joins and quits into the channel while you're away we will kick and, if needed, ban you. A notification to anyone with power that your problems are over will get you back in. Your will probably have a PM waiting telling you this, too."
10 "Please ask before activating a bot or auto-responder in channel."
11 "Please flag potentially NSFW links as NSFW."
12 "Mind what you share online. Be careful not to post personal info or company proprietary information."
13 "Please don't dox. We already have people for that."
14 "Minecraft stuff belongs in #spicecraft."
15 "Just playing with the bot belongs in ##spicebottest"
